so this is the fourth video on the
best fat
food
you've seen the first video that
the lipids are essential to
our operation of our
organization
in the second and different points of
view and argues the amount sheets
agreement could in its supply
for different currents
raw food in the third video
how I evolved myself I you
given my opinion and my advice
concrete to adapt amount of fat to
your personal case and we will see
today what are the differences
of nutritional contributions between all these
oleaginous plants free so I did
always favors whole plant
as always so I do not speak
oils so it's easier
adapt I find these amounts wept
in his food when you know what
it contains
So here the plants contain no
cholesterol
we do not need to eat or
trans fatty acids are acids
polyunsaturated fatty transform
industrially the plants
mainly contain fatty acids
saturated and mono fatty acid
and polyunsaturated fats
saturated it is greece that is solid to
room temperature this is partly the
layer of fat that is under the
skin it causes an increase in
cholesterol levels and blocking
arteries
it takes a little bit of blemmi amara us
helps many plants in
contain small quantities
Other types of lipids that are
Beneficial fatty acids are mono
unsaturated and polyunsaturated fulfilled dre
mono unsaturated there is a double bond
between the carbon atoms
in short, we find it mainly in
avocados olives and oleaginous
and it is the acid and of mégane
oleic polyunsaturated fats
Secret essential fatty acids
reduce the risk of disease
cardiovascular alzheimer's disease
it would protect certain cancers
especially the prostate
it improves the mood they are good at
our brain and the nervous system to
cellular morals and it's these are the
essential fatty acids and it includes
the omega-6s in the precursor and the sib
linoleic and then omega-3 with
alpha-linolenic acid then from
of these two fatty acids organize it
the body forms other fatty acids
essential from the same family
The balance between these 2 wherein there are 6 omega
3 was changed during the century
last he went from 1 1 to 1 10 to 10
even 20 to 1 because of
industrial food so
ideally this should be respected
balance not too far from 1: 1
or 4 to 1 as much as possible that more
ratio, the higher the risk
inflammatory mouth and is great
to is a news vegan one
quickly improves this ratio since
the limits ready made products and
to eat fruit and vegetables
plants whole and that can not be found
food so we avoid animating the
essential fatty acids keep them
intact then I made you a painting
to explain you from the data
of the book vi as heroes and that of
g where we see that the best sources
unsaturated poly or omega 3 and 6 and
nuts and seeds the fatty fruits
avocado olive and coconut it brings
saturated fats and fatty acids
monounsaturated
Omega 9 but you see noah or
fruit it does not hold that only one kind
fat that people ignore good
often it is a food that is
extremely complete it is complex and it
does not boil down to this component not in one
sees hemp seed and
walnuts contain
relatively large amounts of
two components
if everyone knows that or pretty much
Finally, as for example linseed
contain two mega 3 that coop fashion
where it contains saturated fat than
pumpkin seeds that's all omegas
6 fights we see that it also brings
other fatty acids in lesser quantities
so I hope you'll have fun
watch this table to discover
maybe the percentages of checks
fatty acids in these plants then
they are still
reminder that if one eats
fruit vegetables and leaves
green we already absorb 5 to 7% greece
it's tempting but it's true that if
months is added and seeds is
fine but it's not a
acidifying is that it eats bones and
teeth and unconvincing not commit
over and again good
attitude is to eat sensibly
raw plants mainly
Plant increased primarily look
in the evening sauces just you
now know what they are
and composed of these foods you
find this table if it you
interested in the blog under the video
then a final reminder the
optimal amount of absorbed fat
depend from each according to the poll
his state of health his metabolism that
can go from 5 to 7 so with that
bananas up to 35% for certain that
of ivory where the bar of 10% maximum
being the one advocated by
gram and beyond 35 % the problems
may appear
sometimes the point of view of health or
Waist circumference is also recalled that
Keep in mind two things the
One is that most of
those calories should come from fruits in
as a simple sugar and the second
is that the sugar
gr competes in the direction and
causes regulatory problems in
while both blood and so do
not mix nuts and fruit
yet it also it should be taken
reasonably and not being
stressed that is a small
spoon of almond with a large
basic apple lady package has not been
no more dramatic just see
again there is the theory on and
38 years old she must talk about it then
adaptation
I hope all of this interested you
leave your comments below
as usual and I tell you
soon for another subject